Terms of Service

Welcome to Super Box, an open source mobile application (the "Application") created by Jefferson Calheiros. By using the Application, you agree to be bound by these terms of service (the "Terms"). If you do not agree to these Terms, do not use the Application.

1. Disclaimer of Warranties
The Application is provided "as is" and "as available" without any guarantees or warranties of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. The developer of the Application makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the Application or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained in the Application for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.

2. Loss of Data
The Application may cause loss of data if uninstalled. It is your responsibility to ensure that you have backed up any data that you wish to retain before uninstalling the Application. The developer of the Application will not be liable for any loss of data or other damages resulting from the uninstallation of the Application.

3. Limitation of Liability
In no event shall the developer of the Application be liable for any damages whatsoever, including but not limited to direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages, arising out of or in connection with the use or inability to use the Application, even if the developer of the Application has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

4. Changes to the Terms
The developer of the Application reserves the right to make changes to these Terms at any time and for any reason. Any changes to the Terms will be posted on this page and will be effective immediately upon posting. Your continued use of the Application after any changes to the Terms are posted will be considered acceptance of those changes.

Contact Information
If you have any questions or concerns about these Terms, please contact us at jeffersoncalheirosdev@gmail.com

Effective date: 13/01/2023